Microsoft Graph Mail - get message as attachment (#11679)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_0_17.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Graph Mail

> - **msgraph-mail-get-attachment** command did not handle attachments from "message" type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***msgraph-mail-get-attachment*** command would not handle attachments that were from a `message` type.
```
